Tkakar/cat 1015 document containers (#142)
hubmapconsortium/portal-containers: containers/seg-mudata-to-zarr/README.md

# seg-mudata-to-zarr

This container saves [a MuData store](https://mudata.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/generated/mudata.read_h5mu.html#mudata.read_h5mu) in `zarr` format for the segmentation mask for viewing in the browser.

> For Vitessce, the index of the zarr store needs to be a number so that it can be mapped to the segmentation mask image for Visualization purposes (e.g., enabiling hovering) and mudata contains a compound index (e.g., tubules-202) due to multiple masks being detected at the same index.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Vitessce, the index of the zarr store needs to be a number so that it can be mapped to the segmentation mask image for Visualization purposes (e.g., enabling hovering) and mudata contains a compound index (e.g., tubules-202) due to multiple masks being detected at the same index.  
```

## Input

> The input to the container is an [MuData store](https://anndata.readthedocs.io/en/latest/anndata.read_h5ad.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The input to the container is a [MuData store](https://mudata.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/generated/mudata.read_h5mu.html#mudata.read_h5mu).
```
